# Electronic-Hospital-Management
The persistence of the project entitled ELECTRONIC HEALTH MANAGEMENT is  Just to computerize the Reception Office of the Hospital by developing software that will be user-friendly simple, fast, and cost–effective. It deals with the gathering of both doctors’ and patients’ information. Customarily, it was done manually. The main purpose of the system is to register and booking of patient appointments. System input contains patient details, while system output is to get these details onto the screen. The HOSPITAL RECORD MANAGEMENT  can be entered using a username and password It can be accessed by either an administrator, health worker (doctor’s or nurse’s), or patient. Only Admin can add health workers (doctors and nurses) to the database. The data can be retrieved easily.  The data are well protected for personal use and make data processing very fast.
Electronic health management can also be referred to as E-health management, this is the evolution of a new development in the health section. It is an intersection between health care and information technology. Which involves combining the prowess of health care and technology to enhance the managerial aspect of the health sector and deliverance of health service to the patient. This includes the management of both patient and doctor information.
The Application has an administrator with some administrative rights like adding doctors, patients, and all the essential information about both the patient and doctors, editing and deleting information. Furthermore, it contains a database component, it also utilizes programming/scripting language, then implementation of the graphical user interface (GUI). This  Application will enhance easy access to patient and doctors’  records.
